I don't think I don't think I remember
the show where we had to steal fucking
tractors or you want to get under let's
go teamwork it's only it's only a one
only one wait come back come back come
back come back come back in a while
that's funny there's a fucking the guy
named way too many llamas driving a
fucking track
let's go I'm gonna burn out wanna get
the next one bring that bitch so Diane
turkeys got their first one old record
if we need to get sponsored by scuff and
all that shit right now
I have bad news for you I don't think my
TV work you don't have money they cut
your electricity off dude you cannot be
in Sunday Turco broke-ass motherfucker
here we go and they're gonna perfect
hangout I like how your fireplace is an
air-conditioner that's not on my wheel
without even asking here this is such a
Anarchy none sons and asked permission
your housing like a fucking Cypress Hill
concert
it's the initiation for chaos we just
stop watching TV whoa I just spawned I
stopped watching TV and you gave the
jerking off my thing
all right let's all try to go out at the
same time who was stalking this shit
DMX is gonna Rob your house before you
believe I can already see it in his
fucking eyes look at there he goes
so make your videos via YouTube be sure
to subscribe thanks for watching